README.md, before:

# README #

# Prerequisites #

### OS X ###
* install Xcode

### Linux ###
* Kernel version 3.6 or above
* libbluetooth-dev
* libavahi-compat-libdnssd-dev

### Ubuntu/Debian/Raspbian ###
>sudo apt-get install bluetooth bluez libbluetooth-dev libudev-dev libavahi-compat-libdnssd-dev

### Fedora / Other-RPM based (not tested) ###
>sudo yum install bluez bluez-libs bluez-libs-devel libavahi-compat-libdnssd-dev

### Windows ###
* node-gyp requirements for Windows
    * Python 2.7
    * Visual Studio (Express)
* node-bluetooth-hci-socket prerequisites
    * Compatible Bluetooth 4.0 USB adapter
    * WinUSB driver setup for Bluetooth 4.0 USB adapter, using Zadig tool
* On Windows you are going to need Apples "Bonjour SDK for Windows". You can download it either from Apple (registration required) or various unofficial sources. Take your pick. After installing the SDK restart your shell or command prompt and make sure the BONJOUR_SDK_HOME environment variable is set. You'll also need a compiler. Microsoft Visual Studio Express will do. On Windows node >=0.7.9 is required.


# Setup #
Run "npm install" in order to install all dependencies

# Usage #
>sudo node beacube

# Running on Linux #

### Running without root/sudo ###
Run the following command:
>sudo setcap cap_net_raw+eip $(eval readlink -f `which node`)

This grants the node binary cap_net_raw privileges, so it can start/stop BLE advertising.
Note: The above command requires setcap to be installed, it can be installed using the following:
=> apt: >sudo apt-get install libcap2-bin
=> yum: >su -c \'yum install libcap2-bin\'

Note: some warnings appear on linux but it should works fine

### Multiple Adapters ###
hci0 is used by default to override set the NOBLE_HCI_DEVICE_ID environment variable to the interface number.
Example, specify hci1:
>sudo NOBLE_HCI_DEVICE_ID=1 node beacube.js

Commit message:

README: more info, link to report

README.md, after:

# BEACUBE #

BeaCube is an event-triggering system developed by Pasquale Antonante and Elena Lucherini for the Industrial Application class at [University of Pisa](https://www.unipi.it/index.php/english).

BeaCube estimates the proximity of the user with [iBeacon](https://developer.apple.com/ibeacon/), Apple's Bluetooth Low Energy protocol. Entering (or leaving) the range of action of BeaCube will trigger actions, such as turning on (or off) the lights of a smart lighting system.

Beacube stores each user’s preferences in a database, and it will trigger the chosen actions whenever the user enters or leaves the range of action.

The system provides a mechanism which lets developers create third-party actions that can be added at runtime.

### For more info, read the [project report](https://elucherini.github.io/assets/pdf/beacube.pdf) ###


# Prerequisites #

### OS X ###
* install Xcode

### Linux ###
* Kernel version 3.6 or above
* libbluetooth-dev
* libavahi-compat-libdnssd-dev

### Ubuntu/Debian/Raspbian ###
>sudo apt-get install bluetooth bluez libbluetooth-dev libudev-dev libavahi-compat-libdnssd-dev

### Fedora / Other-RPM based (not tested) ###
>sudo yum install bluez bluez-libs bluez-libs-devel libavahi-compat-libdnssd-dev

### Windows ###
* node-gyp requirements for Windows
    * Python 2.7
    * Visual Studio (Express)
* node-bluetooth-hci-socket prerequisites
    * Compatible Bluetooth 4.0 USB adapter
    * WinUSB driver setup for Bluetooth 4.0 USB adapter, using Zadig tool
* On Windows you are going to need Apples "Bonjour SDK for Windows". You can download it either from Apple (registration required) or various unofficial sources. Take your pick. After installing the SDK restart your shell or command prompt and make sure the BONJOUR_SDK_HOME environment variable is set. You'll also need a compiler. Microsoft Visual Studio Express will do. On Windows node >=0.7.9 is required.


# Setup #
Run "npm install" in order to install all dependencies

# Usage #
>sudo node beacube

# Running on Linux #

### Running without root/sudo ###
Run the following command:
>sudo setcap cap_net_raw+eip $(eval readlink -f `which node`)

This grants the node binary cap_net_raw privileges, so it can start/stop BLE advertising.
Note: The above command requires setcap to be installed, it can be installed using the following:
=> apt: >sudo apt-get install libcap2-bin
=> yum: >su -c \'yum install libcap2-bin\'

Note: some warnings appear on linux but it should works fine

### Multiple Adapters ###
hci0 is used by default to override set the NOBLE_HCI_DEVICE_ID environment variable to the interface number.
Example, specify hci1:
>sudo NOBLE_HCI_DEVICE_ID=1 node beacube.js
